04/04/25
Minutes: 53 min

Progress So Far:
Madison Hokstad - 10 Hours
  Tasks completed
    Changed matching algorithm based on database changes
    Other adjustments to algorithm based on feedback
  Tasks for next week
    Continue working on integration with the frontend

Do Kyung Lee - 10 Hours
  Tasks completed
    Updated add candidate UI
    Updated dashboard/fileupload 
  Tasks for next week:
    API integration
    Complete UI

Alexandra Ontiveros - 10 Hours
  Tasks Completed:
    Changed settings within the server so it can run the full stack of the app
    Updated database structure 
    Created partial test data
  Tasks for Next Week 
    Assist with integration of layers

Gaby Salazar Mejia - 10 Hours
  Tasks Completed
    Reassign Functionality
    Delete Functionality
  Tasks for Next Week
    Continue working on the API integration
    Fix any remaining frontend bugs

Anh Tran - 12 Hours
    Tasks completed:
    Implemented unpacking ZIP file and accessing and parsing the individual PDF resumes
    Adjust API endpoints to show shorter infos when calling all applicants and more detail when selecting individual ones
    Still polishing parsing for multi-page resumes
    Polish export data based on CSV/Excel format for database as well as for matching algorithm
  Tasks for next week:
    More work on the last two bullet points
    Integrate with front end more

Feedback:
1. Dashboard
  - Needs to be more flexible!
  - Current implementation is allowing multiple assignments per semester, change to only allowing one assignment per semester.
  - When carrying over grader data from previous semesters, must cross check with the list of current graders. Graders who are re-applying automatically get assigned, as they should be given preference.
  - When creating a new semester, it should not automatically assign.
  - When creating a new semester, not all files may be available, so only uploading a few files should be acceptable.
  - For all pages, when viewing previous semesters, user is only allowed to view and get data (export), and not allowed the delete or add functionalities.
2. Candidate Management
  - Should be able to handle either individual or batch uploads of candidates.
3. Course Management
  - Add section to course number
  - When adding a new course, you should only assign from the pool of students that have not been assigned.
4. Login
  - Suggested to add an admin ID
