03/28/2025
Minutes: 50 min

Feedback:
1. Dashboard
- Replace table previews with only "Start a New Assignment" and "View Previous Assignments" options.
- Utilize remaining space to display useful statistics (e.g., number of courses still pending assignment).
- Add a feature to view recently deleted assignments so users can manually reassign them if needed.
2. Assignment Feature
- The system attempts to match all courses with graders, but in cases where there aren’t enough candidates, provide a clear notification about unassigned courses.
3. Candidate Management
- Clarify the delete option:
    * One action to remove the candidate from the database & candidate pool
    * Another action to only unassign the candidate from a course
    * Provide separate buttons for each function.
- When adding a new candidate, currently, the professor’s name is required:
    * Allow adding a candidate to the pool without an assigned course.
    * If assigning a candidate to a course, validate the course and professor before confirming the change.
4. General Functionality Improvements
- Add filters and sorting for all views.
- Extend reassign candidate functionality to all views, not just the Candidate Management page.
5. Work on spliting PDF and matching algorithm
6. Containerize all programs that run locally, including those that execute automatically (so users don’t need to manually run commands like npm start)

Progress So Far:
Madison Hokstad -  12 Hours
Tasks completed
    Continued finalizing the scoring of matching algorithm
    Ran tests on small samples of handmade data
Tasks for next week
    Connect all processes to the SQL database: make sure all different aspects of matching/adding/removing line up
    Reevaluate certain parts of the database structure to make it fit our needs more

Do Kyung Lee -   10 Hours
Tasks completed
    Edited Figma UI based on last meeting
    Completed Modals UI
    Setup Axios config
Tasks for next week:
    API integration

Alexandra Ontiveros -  10 Hours
Tasks Completed:
    Added Docker and Github to virtual machine
    Confirmed functionality of docker compose on virtual machine
Tasks for Next Week 
    Learn about apache server and get our app visible through that

Gaby Salazar Mejia -  10 Hours
Tasks Completed
    Add Candidate Functionality
    Linked Login with Dashboard
    Dashboard
Tasks for Next Week
    Set Up API Integration
    Completed UI

Anh Tran -  10 Hours
Tasks completed:
    Made a better version of the splitting functionality of merged PDFs
    Integrate the PDF Parsing functionality with the splitting functionality also
    Also, integrate in the CSV generator also to make a full process
Tasks for next week:
    Work on the CSV/Excel parsing for both the candidate’s data and the courses’ data
    Integrate basic CRUD operations for the web app from the database.
